>> Brian Holt: Let's talk
now about use and Suspense.
We've been talking on and off for
years at this point about Suspense.
They announced it forever ago, and then
they got really close to releasing and
they're like, no,
we don't wanna release it.
And then they're kind of coming back and
ready to release it again.
And kind of what they're recommending
is we don't really want you to use
Suspense directly.
We want you to use things
that use Suspense for you.
So cuz it's kind of a strange API,
but they're getting closer and
React 19, it'll finally be stable,
and I'm gonna show you how to use it.
Yeah, I'm gonna show you
how to use it today.
So one of the cool things is it's
actually usable by TanStack Query.
They'll use it for
you which is pretty cool.
So we're gonna do that.
So I want you to head over to app.jsx, and
we're gonna give this some
configuration to QueryClient here,
and we're gonna say defaultOptions
>> Brian Holt: Queries,
and we're gonna say
experimental_prefetchInRender, and
we're gonna set that to be true.
>> Brian Holt: All right, let's go back
to past.jsx, sorry, past.lazy.jsx,
and we're gonna import a couple
of things up here from React.
We're gonna import a useState,
which we have already.
So I don't need to do that, but
we're gonna import Suspense with
the capital S and "use", just "use".
>> Brian Holt: So, we wanna show
a really nice loading page that's
not like this one when
we're loading past orders.
So here inside of this error-wrapped
past order, we're gonna
abuse this higher-level component a little
bit and put some more stuff in here.
So one, we're gonna move page
just up into this component.
And we're gonna move our useQuery here
as well up into that, right?
>> Brian Holt: Now,
the interesting thing that we're
gonna do here is I'm gonna
just call this loadedPromise.
And then just here before the semicolon,
I'm gonna put .Promise.
This is gonna give you access directly
to the promise of this
useQuery that's generating.
So inside of the error boundary,
I'm gonna put one called Suspense.
And I'm gonna give it a fallback of
something nice that like hey, I'm loading.
So I'm gonna say div className
= past_orders and
h2 of Loading Past Orders.
>> Brian Holt: And then outside of that,
I'm gonna say close Suspense.
This also needs to be closed.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now that I'm tracking
page and the promise outside of this,
I have to pass this into past orders here.
So I'm gonna say
loadedPromise=.
>> Brian Holt: And page = page.
>> Brian Holt: Bear with me,
we're getting there.
All right, so
now we have this promise being passed in,
you have to pass in setPage as well.
I do you have to pass in setPage,
so page and setPage, sorry.
>> Brian Holt: So we're passing
in loadedPromise page, setPage.
You can ignore these props because there's
not actually any props that we care about,
but they were there from me
previously putting them there.
So if you want to,
you can leave them there, okay.
This loadedPromise represents the data
that's going to be there eventually,
right?
So it's a promise of
the data that's coming.
>> Brian Holt: So
what I need you to do is,
I need you to say const data = use().
This has to be coming from props.
So we have to destructure this.
So I'm gonna put page,
setPage and loadedPromise,
and data = use(loadedPromise).
There's too many parentheses here.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
So this is the line that I'm concerned
that you might be looking at, like,
what the hell is that?
So follow with me for a second.
Suspense is basically saying here is a
boundary that stuff inside of it might be
loading.
When it's loading, render the fallback.
When it's not loading,
render whatever is inside of it.
What we're doing here is we
are passing in a promise of the data.
So the reason why we brought this
outside of the Suspense boundary,
it works like the error boundary.
That this has to exist outside of
the rendering thing because it can't
render if it's not working, right?
I guess we have to pass in the isLoading.
I guess you can just delete the isLoading
thing cuz this will never hit.
So you can delete that.
We're passing in this promise,
this loadedPromise, and
what's happening is this "use",
this is another react thing,
it says all right if this promise is
not loaded yet, suspend this component.
Don't render it, stop here and
tell that Suspense component above me,
I'm still loading, right?
So it's going to hit this line.
It's actually probably good if you can
put this line first cuz you wanna run as
little code as possible here.
It's going to go Backup is like,
hey, Suspense, I'm loading, and
then it's gonna load this fallback for
you.
Eventually, when this promise resolves,
it's gonna be like cool, I'm good now, and
then it's gonna let this
continue rendering.
Now, what's cool about that is what
happens later when we set the page to be
something different again.
It's gonna send it back to Suspense,
and then it's gonna go back and forth.
>> Brian Holt: Is this
better than what we had?
Maybe, I think so because now this
component has no concept of loading.
Once it unsuspends itself,
the data is all loaded and
this reads like it's all
just linear loaded code.
I think it's kind of nice
if you can get past this.
This is kind of a weird API, but some
people put one Suspense at the top level
of their app and it's like this is
a loading state for my entire app.
It's not the most user friendly thing,
but you could do it that way.
And some people will do it like this,
where it's more localized.
So I mean, let's make sure that
I'm not telling you all lies.
That could happen.
This was past orders,
so loading past orders.
>> Brian Holt: And it loaded,
same thing if I hit Next,
it's gonna go back to this Loading
Passed Orders thing, and then it's done.
And then because it's TanStack Query,
it's all cached well so
you don't hit that loading state again.
>> Brian Holt: I think this is quite nice.
>> Brian Holt: Another kind of fun fact,
can I do this really quick here?
I don't have it in here, but
let's go look at Header.jsx really quick.
They made "use" do several things,
it's become this,
there it is,
where we have useContext here.
You can also just use it with "use" now,
>> Brian Holt: And do this.
>> Brian Holt: Surprise,
you might say, who cares?
And fair thing to say, but
you can now do that with React 19.